docs: add code-titles and write some docs (#636)
t3-oss/create-t3-app: www/src/pages/en/usage/trpc.md

```ts:pages/api/users/[id].ts
import type { NextApiRequest, NextApiResponse } from "next";
import { appRouter } from "../../../server/trpc/router/_app";
import { createContext } from "../../../server/trpc/context";

const userByIdHandler = async (req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse) => {
  // Create context and caller
  const ctx = await createContext({ req, res });
  const caller = appRouter.createCaller(ctx);
  try {
    const { id } = req.query;
    const user = await caller.user.getById(id);
    res.status(200).json(user);
  } catch (cause) {
    if (cause instanceof TRPCError) {
      // An error from tRPC occured
      const httpCode = getHTTPStatusCodeFromError(cause);
      return res.status(httpCode).json(cause);
    }
    // Another error occured
    console.error(cause);
    res.status(500).json({ message: "Internal server error" });
  }
};

export default userByIdHandler;
```

### Exposing every procedure as a REST endpoint

> If you want to expose every single procedure externally, checkout the community build plugin [trpc-openapi](https://github.com/jlalmes/trpc-openapi/tree/master). By providing some extra meta-data to your procedures, you can generate a OpenAPI compliant REST API from your tRPC router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to expose every single procedure externally, checkout the community built plugin [trpc-openapi](https://github.com/jlalmes/trpc-openapi/tree/master). By providing some extra meta-data to your procedures, you can generate an OpenAPI compliant REST API from your tRPC router.
```
